1. Code Architecture & Modularity (Crucial First Step)
Right now, 

App.tsx
 is holding a significant amount of code (UI, state, and list mapping).

Component Splitting: We should break the UI into dedicated components inside src/components/, such as:
<Header />
<SurahList /> & <SurahCard />
<BottomPlayer />
Why? It makes debugging easier, prevents unnecessary re-renders of the entire app when the search query changes, and makes the codebase strictly maintainable.
2. Media Session API Integration
For an audio app, this is mandatory.

What it does: It allows users to control the audio (Play, Pause, Next, Prev) from their device's lock screen, notification center, or physical headphone buttons.
How: We integrate navigator.mediaSession inside our 

AudioContext
. We can even pass the Surah name and Reciter image so it shows up beautifully on the lock screen lock.
3. Caching & Robust Data Fetching (React Query)
Currently, 

useSurahs
 and 

useReciters
 likely use standard useEffect + 

fetch
.

The Upgrade: Implement TanStack React Query (or SWR).
Why? It provides out-of-the-box request caching. If the user refreshes or navigates away and back, the Surahs and Reciters will load instantly from memory instead of showing a loading skeleton every time. It also handles automatic retries if the Wi-Fi drops.
4. Progressive Web App (PWA) & Offline Support
Users frequently listen to audio on the go.

The Upgrade: Add @vitejs/plugin-pwa.
Why?
It allows users to "Install" the app on their phone's home screen directly from the browser (no App Store needed).
With a Service Worker, the app's UI/CSS/JS will load even if the user drops into Airplane mode.
Next Level: Add a "Download" button next to each Surah to store the MP3 in the browser's Cache Storage for offline listening.
5. Performance: List Virtualization
Rendering 114 highly styled animated Surah buttons alongside DOM nodes can slow down low-end android devices.

The Upgrade: Use react-virtuoso or react-window.
Why? Virtualization only renders the ~8 items currently visible on the screen and recycles DOM nodes as you scroll. It guarantees smooth 60fps scrolling regardless of the device.
6. User Experience Polish
Favorites / Bookmarks: Allow users to star (⭐) their favorite Surahs to pin them to the top.
Ayah-by-Ayah Playback: While playing full Surah MP3s is great, adding an option to read along with Ayah-by-Ayah text tracking would skyrocket user engagement.
Volume & Seek persistence: Remember the user's volume preference and exact timestamp if they close the app halfway through a long Surah like Al-Baqarah.